---
date: '2017-06-08 19:18 +0530'
layout: blog_detail
author_name: sachin
author_image: /assets/img/blog/sachin.png
published: true
title: blog
blog_description: about
blog_category: about
thumbnail: /assets/img/blog/animation.png
permalink: /about
blog_highlight: >-
  To do an blogging is easy. You have to know the tool or the old paper and
  pencil way. But knowing the tool isn't the end. Becoming the master of a tool
  doesn't make you the master of the art.
---

So, let me guess.

You are a new parent, right?

You are overwhelmed as how to take care of your new baby ?

You don’t have a family around to help you, guide you , shoulder your burden of raising your little bundle of joy?

You are bewildered to start solid foods for your baby, reason being you hear so many suggestions on the weaning process !! Thanks to the nosy neighbours and internet!!

You are about to start work and have no clue as how to manage your baby’s diet requirements while you are away?

You are feeling guilty that your little one is not getting the adequate nutrition he requires.

Lots of new mommies are struggling with in raising their baby without a proper person to advice or nurture their feelings.

After seeing so many posts about caring and feeding babies from distressed new mommies in Facebook Mommy forums.

I’ve finally decided to do something about it !!

I want to guide and hold your hand while you raise your little one and be there for you when you want to know if the poop color is ok or if the carrot puree he threw up can become a life long allergy to carrots.

Yep. Everything.

I started MyLittleMoppet to guide you how to care for your little one, how to start solids, what food to give when, whether to give a vaccine or not, home remedies for every possible ailment your little one may suffer — everything you need to know about raising your baby.

By the time we’re done, you will be confident in making the right choices about health needs, nutrition and everything that is needed to make your life easier with a baby.

You will not worry over your baby’s food strike, nor about his everlasting fussiness for foods, temper tantrums and you will be One Cool Mom !!
Hi I am Dr Hemapriya

The first thing you should know about me is

    “I’m not a parenting expert. In fact, I’m not sure that I even believe in the idea of ‘parenting experts.’ I’m an engaged, imperfect parent and a passionate researcher. I’m an experienced mapmaker and a stumbling traveler. Like many of you, parenting is by far my boldest and most daring adventure”

I am a mommy two times over, a naughty 5 year old son and a bubbly 1 year old daughter. I have been where you are now, twiddling my thumbs as what to feed the baby today, how will she react and many other mommie troubles.

hema profile edited

Things were just the same for me too. I had my share of anxiety, and apprehensions in spite of being a qualified doctor.

This when I started applying my own tried and tested methods on my babies and learnt along the way as what works and what doesn’t. Being from a medical background let me explore the cause of the problem and design a workable solution for it. Be it weaning, toilet training or handling a toddler or anything related to raising a baby I am confident enough now to dole out advices, help new parents like you.
But enough about me. Let’s talk about you.

You came here because you want to know how to feed for your fussy baby, right?

Well, I want to help you, and here’s why:

I know what it’s like to force feed a reluctant baby. I know how it is when your baby is suffering and you don’t have any clue to make him all right.!!

I know how guilty you feel if your baby refuses food and you are able to do nothing to make him eat.

You and me, we’re going to turn it around. Together.

All you have to do is subscribe, and let me share with you what I know. Fill out the form below, and I’ll email you how to take care of your baby, starting solids, handling food strike, tolerating a fussy toddler and tantrums, everything that a new mom needs to hear.
